Improvement/add context to async options (#247)
async-library/react-async: docs/api/options.md

- [`promise`](#promise) An already started Promise instance.
- [`promiseFn`](#promisefn) Function that returns a Promise, automatically invoked.
- [`deferFn`](#deferfn) Function that returns a Promise, manually invoked with `run`.

> - [`context`](#context) The first argument for the `promise` and `promiseFn` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`context`](#context) The first argument for the `promiseFn` or `deferFn` function.
```

## `promiseFn`

> `function(context C, props: AsyncOptions, controller: AbortController): Promise`

A function that returns a promise. It is automatically invoked in `componentDidMount` and `componentDidUpdate`. The function receives all component props \(or options\) and an AbortController instance as arguments.

> > Be aware that updating `promiseFn` will trigger it to cancel any pending promise and load the new promise. Passing an inline (arrow) function will cause it to change and reload on every render of the parent component. You can avoid this by defining the `promiseFn` value **outside** of the render method. If you need to pass variables to the `promiseFn`, pass them via the `context` props of `<Async>`, as `promiseFn` will be invoked with these props. Alternatively you can use `useCallback` or [memoize-one](https://github.com/alexreardon/memoize-one) to avoid unnecessary updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Be aware that updating `promiseFn` will trigger it to cancel any pending promise and load the new promise. Passing an inline (arrow) function will cause it to change and reload on every render of the parent component. You can avoid this by defining the `promiseFn` value **outside** of the render method. If you need to pass variables to the `promiseFn`, pass them via the `context` prop of `<Async>`, as `promiseFn` will be invoked with these props. Alternatively you can use `useCallback` or [memoize-one](https://github.com/alexreardon/memoize-one) to avoid unnecessary updates.
```
